>> Kent Dodds: So
if you jump into thumb-war.2.todo, and
here we have the solution.
We're going to make sure that
this function that we have,
this getWinner function, is called in
a way that we expect it to be called.
So that if somebody were
to come in here and
try to refactor this with
a game argument or something,
that we can have some sort of
validation to make sure that that
would actually fail our test, unless
somebody went to update the test as well.
That's the whole idea.
The way that I suggest in the hints of
how to do this is to add a property to
the getWinner function.
So something as simple
as getWinner.Mock.calls.
That will be your array, so you'll need
to create that mock object and things.
And then every single time this
getWinner function is called,
you want to also return p2 but
you want to push on to that call.
So go ahead and give this a shot.
In addition to keeping track of how
many calls that has and all that,
you'll also want to make assertions
on how it's being called as well.
And so you've got that stuff here.
Yeah, so to run these tests, you wanna
hit the P key in just watch mode and
do thumb-war.2.todo to
get these tests running.